-----------

The TestLab is a showroom. In its nature it should/must be/ is designed as a wedge to convince its environs that expansion into a full-fledged monumental concern is exceptionally appetising. While internally, each unMonastery faces all the classic conundrums of housing, finding and feeding eager workers mysteriously captivated by the *Glory of Service*, at the same time we always welcome the many curious someones to look over our shoulders and indeed lend a hand.  We are profoundly site specific; it is only when we are under the gaze of the indigenous population that the work begins.

How we get there from here may be a long journey. It has been observed that the Social Cohesion Research (Early Warning Division)/Edgeryders initiative that spawned The unMonastery was a clear response to the Indignados/Occupy movement, where a highly-trained generation of the disenfranchised staged the world’s most demonstrative demo in over 80 lands and over 3500 locations worldwide. Surely, opening up a shop that responded to their rhetoric of shaping a meaningful future would result in an immediate stampede to our impressive gates. There is every indication that they are out there. Monetary easing may not have trickled down in the manner stated, but it is not hard to find idealistic start-ups beneath every passing bush. The unMonastery TestLab is a proposed framework for ‘good works’ that may help people get further in a more sustainable manner. It addresses more the culture of the enterprise than its specific content. Please help yourselves.